You still have to couple the chassis with a wheel on
its left side and another one on its right side.
To do that, select the cylinder and drop it anywhere in the scene.
Double click on the cylinder, scroll down,
and change its z-coordinate to 0.2,
same as the box,
and its orientation to 90 degrees.
Now, change the cylinder radius to 0.2 and its length to 0.1,
both in visual and collision.
Next, create a copy of the first wheel using
the toolbar menu and paste it on the other side of the chassis.
The only remaining task is to connect the wheels through the chassis and
this is done by creating a revolute joint between the chassis and each wheel.
The revolute joint will allow the wheel to spin.
In the toolbar, click on joints.
By default the revolute joint is selected.
Now, select the chassis as the parent and the first wheel as the child.
Next, choose the z-axis to be the axis
of rotation since the wheel should rotate with respect to this axis.
Lastly, align the wheel with the robot chassis.
Select mid x and minimum y,
then reverse the y-coordinate so that the wheel stays on the outside of the chassis.
Next, create another joint to link the chassis with the second wheel.
Same as before, click on joints,
select the chassis as the parent and the second wheel as the child.
Change the joint axis to z.
Select mid x and max y reversed.
Here's your first two wheeled robot model simulated in Gazebo.
Now, save a copy of your model.
Click on File, Save as.
Change the directory to the model directory created earlier and save the model as robot.
Next, exit the model editor and go back to the main world scene of Gazebo.
Your model should be automatically included in a world scene in gazebo.
You can save this world that includes the model of your robot.
Click File, Save world as.
Change the directory to the world directory created
earlier and save this world as My world.
Now, that you've built your first modeling gazebo and included it in an emptly world,
practice building other robots and feel free to share them with your classmates.